logsql/stats_query: allow pipes that can modify/drop the _time field before stats pipe (#699)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/querying/README.md

The `<query>` must contain [`stats` pipe](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#stats-pipe). The calculated stats is converted into metrics
with labels from `by(...)` clause of the `| stats by(...)` pipe.

> Note: The range endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[`/select/logsql/stats_query_range`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-range-stats) relies on `_time` for time bucketing and therefore does not allow any pipe to change or remove the `_time` field before the `| stats ...` pipe.  

> In contrast, instant stats queries (`select/logsql/stats_query`) can include any pipes before the `| stats ...` pipe, including pipes that modify or remove the `_time` field. This relaxation applies only to the instant endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

There is no need in mentioning this information here, since it adds zero useful knowledge to the user. It can only confuse the user.

Author: This is the place for `/stats_query`. Keeping `/stats_query_range` info is probably redundant, so we can remove the whole note.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The `<step>` arg can contain values in [the format specified here](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#stats-by-time-buckets).
If `<step>` is missing, then it equals to `1d` (one day).

Note: The range endpoint
[`/select/logsql/stats_query_range`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-range-stats) relies on `_time` for time bucketing and therefore does not allow any pipe to change or remove the `_time` field before the `| stats ...` pipe.  

> In contrast, instant stats queries can include any pipes before the `| stats ...` pipe, including pipes that modify or remove the `_time` field. This relaxation applies only to the instant endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, queries passed to [`/select/logsql/stats_query`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#querying-log-stats) can include any pipes before the `| stats ...` pipe, including pipes that modify or remove the `_time` field.
```

Nobody knows what does the `instant stats queries` mean. It is better to put a link to the docs for this query type, so curious readers could familiarize themselves.
